Madam Speaker, I would first like to express my gratitude to the President. Through the Presidential address, he has presented a detailed statement of India's glory, dignity, good growth, the expectation of common man of India and the expectation of world to not only the houses but to the country and the world. I express my respectful thanks to him and stand to thank him. 
 
 
In this important discussion of the House, many respected members have extended the benefit of their experience and their thoughts to the House and the country. Respected Shri Mallikarjun Ji, Shri Venkaiah Naidu Ji, Meenakshi Lekhi Ji, Harsimrat Kaur Ji, Shri. P. Nagarajan Ji, Shri Saugata Roy, Shri Bhartruhari Mahtab Ji, Shri Jitender Reddy Ji, Mohammad Salim Ji, Supriya Sule Ji, Mulayam Singh Yadav Ji, Rahul Gandhi Ji, Anupriya Patel Ji, Shri. Rio Ji, Shri. Owaisi Ji and many senior respected dignitaries have placed their opinion. I say thanks to all of them because they have contributed towards empowering the people through their opinion. 
 
 
I, today in this House, on behalf of all MPs also want to thank Speaker madam. Because, in the President's speech expectations have been expressed about how the business in the Parliament should be; how it should run. And it is good that we should seek the advice of elders and abide them. And the President is on the highest post of our constitutional system. We must abide by his advice. 
 
 
And I want to especially express my thanks to Speaker Madam because she has taken several new initiatives during past sometime. She has presented the SRI plan - Speaker's Research Initiative. We all individual MPs get research material on different topics. We get enlightenment. A good project is undertaken by you and it would be useful to bring qualitative change to the Parliament. I am grateful to you for it. 
 
I would like to congratulate Madam Speaker for announcing an All Party Conference of all the elected women members of the Assembly and Lok Sabha of the Country on next 5th and 6th March. All the women leaders including our former President would participate. It is an important step of yours towards women empowerment and ensuring women's participation in decision making process. I believe this is a good move taken by you in the parliamentary activity of India and all the parties have cooperated. The greatest part is that women MPs of all the parties are making the action plan. It has created a very good atmosphere. I express my gratitude for this. 
 
 
Similarly, in the BPST Training programme for our newly elected MPs it was very good work by you where their constant training and orientation programme is going on. I would like to thank you very much for it. 
 
 
The President said that the house is for debate. We could see that he is very much grieved and concerned with what has happened in the House in past days. When the house is not running, there is very less loss the ruling party, the loss is to the country. But the worst loss is to the MPs and that too of MPs in the opposition because they are prevented from raising the voice of the people. And therefore, in the Parliament whatever be the differences, however may be the anger; it needs to be expressed. House is a forum where arguments are placed, where sharp replies are given. It is a forum where Government is questioned. It is a forum where the Government has to defend itself, has to explain in its favour. No one is spared during the debate and it should not be expected. But during the debate if the dignity and decorum of the House is maintained then we will be able to put our point with more strength and will also maintain the credibility. This is not a preaching by Narendra Modi. It is of India's former Prime Minister Mr. Rajiv Gandhi. 
 
 
President's point is important because he had spent important year of his life for long in this process. And had spent with them with whom expectation is very natural. I want to say one more thing. I invite all the parties in this House to help in passing all the important bills. And when I say to this House, I mean both houses. This bill is for people. This bill is needed so the brokers should be eliminated from the system. This bill is to assign responsibilities at the grass root level. This bill is for making administration accountable. This bill is to increase participation of general public in schemes; to increase their participation in social justice, development. This bill is to help strengthen the foundation of democracy. This also has been said by our former Prime Minister Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, not by Narendra Modi and we should abide by our elders. 
 
 
Some discussion with regard to preventing the House seems important. Our former speaker Mr. Somnath Chatterjee who have been long time guide and philosopher to some gentleman present here. He has said that to stop the business of House on the issues perceived to be important is completely counter-productive. Unfortunately, the idea formed among the political parties is that to disrupt Parliament and ultimately to adjourn the house prematurely, will prove the importance of the topic or issue on which various parties are opposing strongly. To disrupt the functioning of the Parliament of the country, if not considered as the war against the people of the country, it could at least be considered as lack of faith in the parliamentary system. Unfortunately, similar belief and viewpoint is visible with almost all the political parties and even the smaller parties. Mr. Somnath ji has expressed this concern in front of all the members. 
 
 
Another thing I want to say today regarding running of the House. We are here in Parliament that is the Sovereign Authority of India with responsibility of Governance of India. Surely there could not a greater responsibility and fortune than to be the member of this Sovereign Authority. Because, this house is responsible for the destiny of the country's huge population. All of us, if not always, then at some time in life, must have felt this big sense of responsibility and we would have definitely felt the destiny for which we have been called for. We deserve it or not is another matter. Therefore, during these five years, in our work not only we stand by history but sometimes we participated in the process of making history. Such a high imagination regarding our MPs; our first Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru has expressed in 1957 and then none of us were there. None of us were there; at that time this concern; none from us and no one from our party; at that time you have told this. I am saying because it is necessary for country to know that amid the pandemonium in this Lok Sabha, owing to your persistence and higher morale some bills has been passed but they could not move forward. National Water-way bill, how much strength we have of water power, how much is used, and the water is draining. The government wants to work with a plan for this. What good is done to the country by stopping this? I 
would like when the President has said this in his address. Similarly Whistle-blower Protection Amendment Bill, it is a subject which we could call citizen-centric. We could talk of the rights of aware citizens. And therefore, I do not see any logic behind stopping that. GST bill we are hearing since yesterday, it is ours, it is ours. It also belongs to you. GST Bill is all yours. And it is being stopped. Consumer Protection bill; who is this consumer? It has been stopped. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. We though the President is the biggest person of the constitution and we must consider his advice. 
 
 
And while I am talking about the parliament then I want to put some of my ideas to all respected members. These are opinion of a MP coming to house for the first time, it may not be taken as an opinion of the Prime Minister but it is quite possible that these may be of use. 
 
I have a suggestion; you have formed a good program for fifth and sixth. This time our house would be running on eights march. It is International Women's Day, at that day let the agenda remain as it is, but we can decide that on eights march only our women member would speak. 
 
Similarly, many a time we say it was like this in our time, it is like this in your time, you are like this and we were like that. And now the country knows everything about us. Who are we? Where are we standing? What do we think? This the country knows completely. I would like to seek guidance from all the senior gentlemen, Can we decide during a year in two sessions or one session there could be a week in which only the first time MPs would be invited to speak? Not because I am a first timer, but in feel that we need a refreshing breeze and new ideas. And I am confident; I know that the way these MPs are taking interest in your program I think that they should be given the opportunity. They can put so many new things for the country in front of us. We can do something on that. 
 
 
My third suggestion is the Sustainable Development Goals by United Nation. The whole world together has decided. Our Sushma Ji has given a very good word to it ‘Tikaau Vikas Lakshya’. She did good translation of it in Hindi. Can we all members of house sit on Saturday and during the session for one or two days and discuss the role of India in the Sustainable Development Goals decided in International arena. What can we do to characterize that? Can we debate? We have many works of our agenda but could there be some moment where we can do something for humanity? I hope this to be thought of. 
 
 
Similarly I want to present before you three topics; three more things. It may be this government or that government but we need to accept that though it is state subject but the level of our primary education is a matter of grave concern and is a subject of pain. If we will not focus on the lives of these children of our country what will happen? Similarly we must do about Environment, Global Warming, CoP-21. We must do all these, but Water? It is a matter of great social responsibility in front of us. Similarly another subject to which we all are very afraid, and there are reasons to fear about. I do not want to go in the details. But we speak that justice delayed is equal to not giving the justice. Why there is so much of pendency in our lower courts? Can we sit and discuss in house about the possible ways, device new ways? We are setting such one-two subjects and decide before six months. 
 
 
Could we call for papers of experts, circulate it and get some actionable point by doing a very qualitative debate on it? And that would be the ownership of the House; it won’t be of any government. It should not be for glorifying the government. They are many very experienced people sitting here in this House, very experienced people are sitting. And so there should be a collective contemplation. And I know that Satpathy ji has placed a very good subject that why not one day of members…..today I am presenting the same matter in little structured way. The original idea came to my mind when I heard the speech of Satpathy Ji. And so I would like that it would be better if we could do these things. Sometimes regarding disrupting the house or interrupting the work by hubbub, there is a public discussion, it is that we will say that the government do not work, they'll say, look, the government did not listen to us. Some think that they have shown their strength. Even if we are less but we ……... all this is going on. But there is one more thing which requires attention. Why this House is not allowed to run? Not because there is fury against the government. It is stalled because of an inferiority complex. Because, there are bright and promising MPs in opposition too and I feel, to listen to them and their ideas is a huge asset in itself. But if the House will run, they would get the opportunity to speak. If they speak, people would praise them then what will happen to us? This is worrying them. This is inferiority that capable MPs of opposition MPs should not speak. The country should not come to know the talent of capable MPs of opposition. So to the matter of preventing the government is at its own place. But there should not be anybody powerful in the opposition. No one should look promising. This is the result of inferiority-complex. So, this time when the house worked, I came to see how brilliant people we have; how great ideas they have. We could not get any advantage in the last two houses. And so I think that's very important and I see they come with a lot of study. Our small parties of opposition; team of the three-four members offer some entertainment also. 
 
 
In my mind, when I keep reading something, few things seem well. We should not make fun of anybody. We are making fun of ‘Make in India’. This ‘Make in India’ is for country. Yes, if it could not succeed, then the drawback in succeeding should be discussed. But I want to say one thing and I feel why it is so that we make such an image of our country as if we have come out with a begging bowl? And when we ourselves say that, then other people scream and say the same thing more firmly. I am not saying this, this Mrs. Indira Gandhi is saying. In 1974, at Indraprastha College, you said it; this was the speech of Indira Ji. We bring in some new plan with new style; some people; their age increase but understanding could not increase; they understand it late. It is with some people. And therefore lot more time is taken to understand. Some people could not understand it even with the passage of time. And therefore, it seems good to oppose and they find their ways to oppose. And so I want to share a pain; in our country there are many complications which are mostly very old - poverty, backwardness, superstition, wrong traditions. Some problems also came with growth and development but the biggest challenge of the country is protest of rapid changes. The educated class is also protesting in a very outspoken manner. As soon as a specific task is taken forward hundred reasons are cited why it should not happen. I think a very strong and high wall has surrounded us all. How accurate is it, in 1968, Indira Gandhi had said this. 
 
For anything it is said that it is of our time. It is our brainchild. There are certain things which are your contribution only. We have now embarked on a campaign to make toilets in schools. Now you are correct that if you would have made toilets in all the schools in your tenure, then what Modi would have done? As we have not made them, so you made 4 lakh toilets. Of course, this is your contribution. 
 
 
Bangladesh border dispute, after so many decades, Bangladesh border dispute was resolved. You can say that look if we would have done it during our tenure, what would have been your achievement, Modi? We have left it for you, this is your gift. 18 thousand villages were plunged in the darkness after so many years of independence, and if we bring power to villages, you can proudly say that Modi these 18 thousand is our gift that is when you are doing it. And it is your gift. I cannot deny it. This is the result of 60 years of business. No one can deny. And sometimes MGNREGA is mentioned with great pride. I just want to say that its history is 50 years old. Even before that in the times of the princely states such things were there. You see the Maharashtra Employment Guarantee Scheme came in 1972. In 1980, the National Rural Employment Programme (NREP) was its reincarnation. In 1983, Rural Landless Employment Guarantee Programme (RLEGP) came. These reincarnations kept going on. Schemes were reborn. 
 
 
Then in 1989, Jawahar Employment Scheme (JRY) is the name of MGNREGA in its past life. But I am surprised that later the name of Jawahar Lal Ji has been removed. And no one else than they party which keeps on cursing us did this. Then in 1993, Employment Insurance Scheme (EIS) came. After that when the BJP government came then it started Sampoorna Grameen Rojgar Yojna (SGRY) taking all the good schemes out of available schemes at that time. There was another reincarnation in 2004. National Food for Work programme, 'food for work' national program came in. After that in 2006 it took a new form MGNREGA. Initially NGERA and later when some new insight came, it became MGNREGA. So something schemes for the welfare of the poor kept going on constantly. It is true; you can say with pride that Modi ji making speech in election is something different. You say that you will eradicate the poverty but you do not know who we are. We have made so deep roots of poverty that you will be un-rooted but won’t be able to uproot the poverty. 
 
 
It is true that I discovered after coming here so that you have made so deep roots. And that’s why last time also I have said that nobody will deny the fact that if we could have done well to the poor people of country in 60 year’s tenure, then the poor people of country would not have been compelled to dig the soil and carry it. It is not a monument to our success. We all have to accept it. And so, it becomes our responsibility to do further betterment to the scheme of continual development. We are trying to live up to that responsibility. But we will have to accept that we have to brought the country to such a situation where skilled laborer has started enjoying being unskilled. And therefore, when I say it is a memorial of our failures, I mean to say that we would not have required this NGERA or MNREGA if the poverty would not have been there. But it is the truth and I have noticed that the roots of the poverty that has been planted so deep that I have to work very hard to throw it out. And for that we are working in the direction of removing the drawbacks of the current scheme. 
 
 
Respected Kharge Ji had said that there is lot of corruption in MGNREGA. I agree with you hundred percent. I do not oppose it. You take a look at the 2012 CAG report. What observations they have made; how the corruption is deep rooted. How the money is being looted on the name of poor is described in the 2012 report of CAG. And so we have tried to learn something from it. We want to learn many things and after learning we would come out with the things on how to make it full proof; how it is given to the needy; we will work on that. CAG has made a big observation and that is shocking. 
 
 
In our country, the states which we count in the category of poor; where there are more number of poor’s; CAG has written that in such states where number of poor’s is less; by and large governance is proper and MGNREGA has been used maximum. But where there is real poverty; where real need is there; it has been used less. It means we have not been successful in targeting and reaching poor. And therefore, it is our duty that we make it more perfect so that it reaches the states with more poverty and more number of poor. With JAM scheme; Jan-Dhan, Aadhar and Mobile; we had started a big campaign to send the money directly to the beneficiary and we hope to get success in removing the large number of intermediaries. 
 
So I think that MGNREGA which we praise in big way; CAG has said that after 7 years 5 states have not even created rules and out of these five, four were those states who kept silent on MGNREGA and have not created rules even after 7 years. Even the same difficulty has been noticed in Union Territories. Similarly, we have never been able to achieve the target of 100 days in 8 states; it stuck on average 30 days, 40 days. The way we have tried to make the new structure is to be targeted in the maximum employment, maximum days for employment, removal of intermediaries, correct use of every penny and arrangement of audit; we have tried our best in this direction. And so I believe today the money is transferred electronically by direct debit to the bank/post office accounts of the workers. We are moving toward making payment to 94 percent of workers in the same way. 
 
 
On the other hand, this house is not for working with envy – why your shirt is whiter than me; it is not for envious feelings. I believe; Hon’ble Speaker Madam, we are not being criticized for the fact that we have not done anything wrong, the worry is how we are doing better than them; it is it is a matter of concern and that is troubling them. What we could not do in 60 years how you do it that is the matter of concern; how the schemes are made to give long term benefits. 
 
 
I invite the intellectual class of this country to do the comparative study of two schemes, one Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana started at the time of Atal Ji and the other is our MGNREGA. If you see the analysis, Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana had benefited most the states which fall into the category of overall poverty. When road is constructed then employment comes, facilities come and due to that there is a change in education, health and wealth. Government money went for Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana and MGNREGA as well but in Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana asset creation happened and with that learning we are stressing on asset creation in MGNREGA as well. In that also we are stressing more on water and I feel that we will get the results. I feel so and we are trying. 
 
 
Our Mallikarjun Ji had spoken on the Food security bill and I have seen when it comes to Gujarat; it becomes a fun; very enjoyable; there is nothing to say and it is your bankruptcy, I know you have nothing to say. But I want to tell you about the National Food Security Bill which you sing you brought it. We came in May 2014. Madam Speaker, till May 2014, only 11 states in a hurry without completing the requirements, without making the arrangements had on paper written that they are accepting it. The matter we discuss so much was in such a bad state. Not only this, even today when I stand to update that there are four state where there is no sign of Food Security Act and those are states ruled by you – Kerala, Mizoram, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh. And therefore now Gujarat has done this and done with minute details. We need to go there to study, please send a complete team. 
 
 
You are going to the polls in Kerala. The way you are speaking, the people of Kerala will ask you to answer why you deprived Kerala with the act about which you talked so much. Why you deprived Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Manipur of this act. Out of eight states left four are yours and therefore I want to say we speak much but rarely. When Venkaiah Ji was speaking about Pradhan Mantri Fasal bema Yojna; our Saugat Roy Ji stood up. Otherwise also he stands up very quickly and when he stands up even their party people do not know what he will do. 
 
Saugat Roy Ji said that this Kisan Fasal Beema Yojna, Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojna is for 45 districts only. I would like to update Saugat Roy for information that from 1st April, this scheme will be implemented for all the villages, all the farmers of the country. I want to take your attention towards another beauty of this scheme. We have taken 45 districts as pilot project it may or may not succeed people may like it or not; there are other fifty issues. I said that could you add two more things to insurance with Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojna? And for that we have decided to provide 7 alternates to the farmers in these 45 districts, as an experiment. 
 
 
One Pradhan Mantri minister Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, second Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Beema Yojna, third Chhatra Suraksha Yojna, fourth Ghar Agni Durghatana Beema Yojna, fifth Krish Sanyantra Pumpset Beema Yojna, Sixth Tractor Beema Yojna and seventh Motor Bike Beema Yojna. These 7 things are associated with farmers. If it suits him he can take any two with Crop insurance and will get additional benefit at nominal premium. Practically, Insurance companies are having little problems but I have urged them a lot. It is an experiment, I would urge MPs also to refine this; if we feel it right we will move forward else will leave it. This 45 district trial was in that context and it was not about the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Beema Yojna. 
 
 
Sometimes it is said that it was ours. How can I say that I have started the rail, you can say, you can say anything, we don’t have that courage. Railways, Suresh Ji, average annual expenditure for development of railways was 9291 crore. In last two years it was 32587 crore rupees per annum. The average commissioning of lines is - we have laid lines in the UPA -1 average 1477 kilometre, UPA 2, slightly improved to 1520 kilometre, NDA 2292 ... round about 2300, this is how the work is brought to speed, is how a performing government should be. Resources were the same, railway tracks were the same, department were the same, employee were same, the law and frameworks were same; it’s a live example and this I can show in every area but without saying much I have said this in the context of President's speech. 
 
 
Respected Speaker Madam, regarding finance one thing always remains in the discussion that we have reduced the money to states; have done this, have done that. At this sacred place it seems important to me to place these things before the country. Following the recommendation of the 14th Finance Commission, from 2015-16 states are being given more financial resources than 2014-15. Financial resources to the states are given under three major headings. States share in Central taxes, Non plan grants and central assistance to states for plan. States were given a total amount of Rs 6,78,819 crore in 2014-15. According to the Revised Estimates of 2015-16 Rs 1,20,133 crore has been given to the states. The amount of 2015-16 as compared to amount of 2014-15 is Rs. 1, 41, 314 crore more. The amounts received in these three headings are 20.8 percent more than the previous year. And so, I think there is a need to understand the efforts of false propagandas that are running without stating the facts. 
 
 
Similarly, our country is a country that believes in democracy, committed to democracy but we know that in public life we all are answerable. Anyone can ask us question; it is his right but there are few who are not answerable; neither someone can dare to ask them question nor has the power to say something. Any I have seen what happens to them who dare to do so. But I would like to mention one incidence, you guess the meaning. Russia's head of state, Mr. Khrushchev was friend of Stalin. When Stalin died wherever he went criticized Stalin a lot in hard words and he did at every place. At one time in an auditorium Khrushchev was speaking and criticizing the former leader Stalin fiercely after his death. 
 
One young person stood from the back and said – “Mr. Khrushchev, I want to ask you one question. You are abusing Stalin so much; maligning him; when he was alive, you worked with him. What you did at that time? What you did for the situations created? There was pin drop silence in the auditorium. After some time Khrushchev asked the person who asked the question to stand up. He stood up. He said what you are able to do today, I wanted to do at the time of Stalin but could not do and therefore it requires some time to understand. Almonds can’t help in this, you may understand it a little but I cannot say about others. 
 
 
In our religious documents many good thing are told like “Par Updesh Kushal Bahutere, Je Acharahi Te Nar Na Ghanere”. There are many to have expertise to preach others but there are very few who could practice themselves. I have been listening to the preaching of you all, listening to the advices, bearing the criticism, and more blames than criticism; all these is going on and I have learned a lot from the work of fourteen years but this country cannot forget that. 
 
 
Speaker Madam, 27th September 2014, Respected Prime Minister of our country Dr. Manmohan Singh was in America. Bilateral talks with America’s President were scheduled. The cabinet of India where Farooq Abdullah, Antony Ji, Sharad Pawar Ji and all the respected experience leaders sit; that cabinet has made a decision. That decision was torn off in Press Council on 27th September 2013. This is about respect of elders. Respected Speaker Madam, Mulayam Singh Ji and I are two leaders standing on two different corners. He cannot accept any of my idea and I cannot accept any idea of him except the ideology of Lohia Ji. Because I am born at a place that it is natural to like the ideology of Lohia Ji. But Mulayam Singh Ji has come out with a paper assuring the public to do so many things for Uttar Pradesh. Mylayam singh ji may or may not be liked by me but he is a very senior leader, in the public meeting, promises of Mulayam Singh Ji were torn off. And then I remember “Par Updesh Kushal Bahutere, Je Acharahi Te Nar Na Ghanere”. 
 
 
Respected Speaker Madam, to progress in democracy I feel the need of one thing. What I am going to tell now may appeal to us. When I was in childhood, there was a MLA in that village that was never defeated, he always won. But he travelled by train and we also try to offer him tea and in case of any problem in Railways he can help, so we support him. I have heard the word ‘elective’ through him sometime. I was no idea what this ‘elective’ was. Now with the passage of time I came to know that he was ‘elective’. I was seeing is some ‘elective’ came the whole machinery get frightened; officers from top to bottom were worried about what would happen if there was a question in assembly or parliament. There was an environment of anxiety. If any subject was debated in house; officers were worried about what would happen. In the democracy, where we have taken the Parliamentary proceedings? Today, no officer of administration gets sweating or is frightened of the questions of MPs. This question does not relate to this or that government. This deterioration has come across time. 
 
 
Inside the parliament there may be a lone member of opposition, with no other members of his party but he can be no less than the Prime Ministers for government machinery and its officers. Today I want us to resolve. We will indulge in bickering; you will condemn me and I will condemn you and the officer enjoy. This has been a long term disease. In this house, the word opposition is important to them. By this bickering, we get covered in the media and feel that we have done so much but the accountability of executive is being lost. In democracy, we will give accounts to the public every five years. We may come back or not but this is the only place to take their account. And so in our Parliamentary system, all of us, all the members, even the lone member is nothing short of Prime Minister and it is therefore necessary for us to increase the accountability of our executive. Unless we do it together, this accountability will not be possible and then one government will be abused, the second will come, the fun for them will never stop. 
 
 
I believe, the challenge is before us and to meet this challenge we will have to make a collective effort towards it. You also have suffered it, I know because I have come after doing this work for long. I do not blame anyone but in the anxiety of what will printed in the newspaper we are engaged in bickering. Owing to this lakhs of employees and million-trillions of rupees are being paid as salaries; there is no dearth of plans. Neither there was dearth in your time nor in my time. The question is how to bring in that accountability? 
 
 
There is another thing, in a democracy like India we cannot leave the citizens to bureaucracy. We need to trust our 125 crore citizens and once we move forward with trust on 125 crore citizens, I believe the citizen of country is not asking more from us, they are ready to move along with us. We have made some efforts in that direction, I do not claim that they are very big but we have to move in that direction. 
 
 
Why we have stopped interviews for small employees because we have to learn to trust that citizen. In the age of Xerox, out citizen has to go to gazette officer for signature. Sometime he has to stand in the queue at the house of MP, MLA and the MP/MLA would not even see his face. It was a small boy putting the seal on those documents. We have trusted that 10th, 12th pass small boy but have no trust on that citizen. We finished that because we need to trust the citizen; when he will come for final job; he will show himself. Recently we have put a very important thing in budget, till two crore rupees we won’t ask you anything, we will take whatever you give. We have to increase the environment of increasing trust. Please provide if you have some new suggestions. 
 
 
I would like the government to form the habit; the government should be improved; the government should be reformed and it won’t be possible without your help; I need your help; I need your support; I need the benefit of your experience. I am new; you are experienced people, let’s move side by side and do some good work for the country. Governments shall come and go; people would come and go; this country is immortal; it is going to remain there and let’s work for the fulfillment of the country. With this expectation once again I respectfully greet President and thank him. Thanks a lot. 